ethiopia is one of africa's most
beautiful and fascinating countries
and a surprising travel destination
from spectacular mountain landscapes to
vast lakes and mysterious deserts
[Music]
from incredible historic landmarks to
vibrant modernizing cities
[Music]
it is the only country in africa that
was never colonized by western powers
it has a rich cultural heritage
which evolved during times of kingdoms
and empires
while christianity and islam are the
main religions
ethiopia is also a patchwork of many
different ethnicities
customs and traditions
including tribes that have retained some
of their lifestyle
in this video i will show you 10
beautiful places i visited
on a journey through ethiopia in 2019
[Music]
at the time of editing this video
ethiopia is in political and military
conflict
with the northern tigrai region
which is causing great suffering to
ordinary civilians
like most people i hope all parties
involved can come to an agreement
and start rebuilding this incredible
land
as a result of the conflict some of the
places in this video are currently
inaccessible due to high security
concerns
always follow travel advice and consult
local guides
to avoid putting yourself and others at
risk
[Music]
we begin this journey in the north of
ethiopia
to visit the incredible monolithic
churches of lalibela
[Music]
little can prepare you for the sight of
these structures that are carved
entirely out of rock
[Music]
construction began some 800 years ago
during the reign of a king named
lalibella
who according to legend wanted to build
a new jerusalem
[Music]
and center for christianity
today
bella remains an important place of
worship for the ethiopian orthodox
community
and you can see pilgrims praying and
chanting
in all corners of town
especially during sunday mass
[Applause]
foreign
[Music]
traveling to the donna killed depression
is like stepping into a different world
this is one of the hottest and most
inhospitable places on earth
and can only be reached with experienced
tour companies on an overnight
expedition
but for those who make it here a surreal
landscape awaits
with sulphur springs
bubbling volcanoes
acidic pools
and salt legs
[Music]
oh
while traversing the vast desert you may
come across groups of nomadic afar
people
busy cutting chunks of salt out of the
planes
they spend weeks following an ancient
salt route
eventually selling or exchanging their
salt on local markets
me
set in a landscape of sandy desert at
sharp peaks
is the incredible abuna yamatagou
rockhoon church
located in the troubled yet beautiful
tigre region
this church is one of the most unique
places of worship in ethiopia
if not in the world
[Music]
built halfway up a sheer rock pinnacle
yamatagu
can only be reached via a steep and
sometimes terrifying
two hour climb
the site is managed by 20 or so
clergymen
and some of the priests make the journey
up here every day
[Music]
thank you
there are over 100 other rock hoon
churches in this region
and each have their own distinct
character and style
[Music]
the striking simeon mountains national
park is one of africa's most beautiful
ranges
it was formed 40 million years ago
as a result of countless volcanic
eruptions
that created a plateau with jagged peaks
and pinnacles
today it offers travelers plenty of
opportunity for short hikes and longer
tracks
on which you are likely to meet galata
baboons
nicknamed as bleeding heart monkeys
[Music]
these sociable monkeys
are unique to this area
and can live up to 4 500 meters
making them the highest dwelling
primates on our planet
[Music]
[Applause]
gondar is home to some of ethiopia's
most visually striking monuments
with royal palaces
churches and castles
[Music]
uh
this city flourished for over a century
after emperor facilitas made it its
capital almost 400 years ago
due to its strategic location
many of the original buildings remain
intact or have been renovated
including the beautiful fossil gabby
fortress and the unusual facilities bath
[Music]
in the far north of ethiopia lies
a small city with great historic
significance
this was the center of one of humanity's
great forgotten civilizations
the aksumite empire
which dominated trade in this region for
many centuries
axum is filled with ancient sites
including the eye-catching stele or
obelisks that served as tombstones and
memorials
and the remains of the dungur popularly
known as queen shiva's palace
yet the grounds of the church of saint
mary of zion may be the most compelling
reason for people to visit aksum
according to ethiopian legend this is
where the famous ark of the covenant is
hidden
in a small but strictly guarded chapel
[Music]
after traversing the north we arrive in
the center of ethiopia
to visit the bustling capital city addis
ababa
home to more than 5 million ethiopians
adis attracts people from all over the
country to work study and live
it's a vibrant metropolis and serves as
a great introduction to ethiopian
culture and food
[Applause]
[Music]
oh
this is a sprawling city and navigating
the busy streets can sometimes feel
challenging
however there are plenty of areas to
visit
including downtown mexico square
the city's old town
some great museums
and my personal favorite the crowded
mercato
said to be the largest market in africa
yes
okay
[Music]
oh
south ethiopia is a distinctly different
land from the north
with arba minch as one of the main
cities
[Music]
but it's not the urban life that
attracts travelers to arbamenge
[Music]
rather the spectacular nerizar national
park
located in the great rift valley
nerizar boasts two of ethiopia's largest
lakes
one of them chamo
is especially popular for its big
populations of crocodiles
[Music]
you can also spot other wildlife here
such as pelicans hippos and the charming
olive baboons
who may casually wander around the
garden of your hotel
[Music]
set in the cool mountains near arba
minch
live the friendly doors of people
known for their towering homes
made from bamboo and onset leaves
[Music]
these leaves are also the main
ingredient for kochio
a bread like fermented food that is
sometimes used instead of the famous
injera
cotton weaving and pottery
are important sources of livelihood here
as is agriculture
the dorts grow their own coffee beans
and visitors are often treated to an
ethiopian coffee ceremony
with freshly roasted beans grounded on
the spot
[Music]
um
we finish this journey through ethiopia
in the omaha valley
which is truly a destination in itself
the area of console is regarded as the
jumping off point for the valley
with incredible villages built on
terraced hillsides
among sometimes surreal eroded
landscapes
[Music]
the terrain slowly changes as you enter
the lower omo valley
a region that is home to a wide variety
of ethnic groups
who all have their own characteristics
and traditions
it's a fascinating area that gives
travelers a chance to get up close with
some of africa's most unique tribes
[Music]
traveling here comes with great
responsibility
at these destinations often run the risk
of turning into so-called human safaris
make sure to interact with people and
get to understand them
before considering to take any photos
tourism can have a positive effect and
for some of the villages it's an
important or even crucial source of
income
but it's important that it happens in a
respectful and meaningful way
[Music]
if anywhere i would recommend hiring
local guides it is here
[Music]
and that concludes my journey through
ethiopia
a beautiful country filled with amazing
people
spectacular landscapes
incredible wildlife
and unique cultures and traditions
i hope this video gave you some new
insights
but above all i wish the people of
ethiopia a safe and promising future
take care everyone
[Music]
you